# Client_Server_INF3405
Developed a Java client-server application for file storage using sockets and threads. Implemented command line interface for IP and port validation, file upload/download, directory navigation, and real-time logging.
In the context of a network computing course (INF3405), a client-server application was developed in Java, aimed at improving communications between the client and the server. The objective of the application was to allow file storage on a server using two key concepts covered in the course: sockets and threads. Sockets were used to manage client/server exchanges while threads were used to allow multiple clients to connect to the server. The application needed to meet specific goals, such as implementing a list of executable commands that could be entered by the client. The client needed to be able to enter the IP address and port number of the server in the console interface and the same for the server itself. The application validated these parameters based on the format of the IP address and port number, which had to be between 5000 and 5050. Other features included file upload and download and the ability to navigate through the server directory on the client's machine. The list of commands had to be fully functional. Finally, the application was required to display real-time logs of the requests being processed by the server and the time of execution. Overall, the project successfully implemented client-server communication using sockets and threads and met the set objectives for a functional file storage application.
